This 2020 Audi S8 was optioned with the Executive, Cold Weather, Rear Seat Connectivity, and Executive Rear Seat Comfort packages, and it is powered by a twin-turbocharged 4.0-liter V8 mated to a Tiptronic eight-speed automatic transaxle and Quattro all-wheel drive. Finished in Terra Gray Metallic over Merlot Red Valcona leather upholstery, the car is equipped with 21″ split-spoke alloy wheels, active suspension, rear-wheel steering, a panoramic sunroof, a top-view camera system, heated and ventilated massaging front and rear seats, four-zone automatic climate control, a Bang & Olufsen sound system, Audi Virtual Cockpit instrumentation, and a dual-screen MMI infotainment system with navigation. Purchased by its current owner in 2023, this S8 has 60k miles and is now offered on dealer consignment with and a clean New Jersey title.

The car is finished in Terra Gray Metallic (Z8) and features Matrix-design LED headlights with Audi laser light along with power-folding heated side mirrors, a panoramic sunroof, rain-sensing wipers, front and rear parking sensors, a top-view camera system, a power-operated trunk lid, and four polished exhaust outlets. The rear bumper cover was repainted in preparation for the sale.

Refinished split-spoke 21″ alloy wheels wear 265/35 Michelin Pilot Sport All Season 4 tires said to have been mounted in November 2025. A rear-wheel steering system and predictive active suspension came standard on S8 models, and braking is provided by four-wheel discs with red-finished calipers. The brake rotors and pads were replaced in July 2024, and the brake fluid was flushed at that time.

The heated, ventilated, and massaging power-adjustable front seats are upholstered in Merlot Red Valcona leather. Carbon-fiber trim accents the cabin, which is further appointed with four-zone automatic climate control, a Bang & Olufsen sound system, and a dual-screen MMI infotainment unit with navigation.

The car was optioned with the Executive Rear Seat Comfort and Connectivity packages, which added heated, ventilated, and massaging power-adjustable individual seats along with footrests, a full-length center console, removable tablets, and a DVD player. Rear-seat passengers also have climate controls, fold-out tray tables, and powered window shades.

The heated leather-wrapped multifunction steering wheel is equipped with shift paddles and is mounted on a power-adjustable column. The configurable 12.3″ Audi Virtual Cockpit ahead is supplemented by a head-up display. The digital odometer indicates 60k miles, approximately 20k of which were added under current ownership.

The twin-turbocharged 4.0-liter TFSI V8 was factory rated at 563 horsepower and 590 lb-ft of torque. Service in December 2025 included flushing the coolant and replacing the alternator, starter, and accessory belts. The most recent oil change was carried out in June 2026.

Power is sent to all four wheels via a Tiptronic eight-speed automatic transaxle and Quattro all-wheel drive with a sports differential.


There is currently a lien on the vehicle, and the owner’s lender will need to be paid off before the title can be transferred to the new owner.
