This 2020 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray is an Elkhart Lake Blue Metallic-finished coupe that has 13k miles and was purchased new by the seller at Kerbeck Chevrolet of Atlantic City, New Jersey. Powered by a mid-mounted 6.2-liter V8 linked with an eight-speed dual-clutch automatic transaxle, the car is equipped with a limited-slip differential, Natural leather upholstery, the 2LT Equipment Group, black 19″ and 20″ five-spoke alloy wheels, LED headlights, a performance exhaust system, a front-axle lift, heated and ventilated power-adjustable seats, front and rear cameras, navigation, a head-up display, and a Bose sound system. This C8 Corvette is now offered with a window sticker, the owner’s manual, spare parts, and a New York title in the seller’s name.

The eighth-generation Corvette debuted for the 2020 model year and is the first to feature a mid-engine layout. This example is finished in Elkhart Lake Blue Metallic and is equipped with a removable roof panel, LED headlights, power-folding side mirrors, front and rear cameras, rear Park Assist backup sensors, and quad exhaust outlets.

Black 19″ and 20″ five-spoke alloy wheels are mounted with Michelin Pilot Sport All-Season tires. The car is equipped with a front-axle lift system, and stopping power is provided by Edge Red-finished Brembo brake calipers over ventilated rotors at each corner. A paint chip is noted on a rear wheel spoke.

The cockpit features heated and ventilated power-adjustable seats upholstered in Natural leather with Torch Red seatbelts. Amenities include rear cross-traffic alert, blind-spot monitoring, an 8″ touchscreen infotainment system with navigation as well as Keyless Entry, a Bose sound system, dual-zone automatic climate control, and cruise control.

The heated leather-wrapped steering wheel features paddle shifters and frames a 12″ configurable digital instrument cluster that includes a central tachometer and readouts for speed, oil pressure, engine temperature, and additional data. A head-up display projects critical information onto the windshield. The digital odometer indicates 13k miles, all of which were added under current ownership.

The mid-mounted 6.2-liter LT2 V8 was factory rated at 495 horsepower and 470 lb-ft of torque with the performance exhaust system. A red engine cover has been fitted, and an oil change was performed in August 2025.

Power is sent to the rear wheels through a Tremec eight-speed dual-clutch automatic transaxle and a limited-slip differential. The transmission fluid and filter were changed in June 2021.

The window sticker lists initial delivery to Kerbeck Chevrolet of Atlantic City, New Jersey, along with factory equipment, colors, options, and a total vehicle price of $71,970.


The New York title is listed as a duplicate.
