This 2021 Ford F-150 Raptor SuperCrew is finished in Antimatter Blue Metallic beneath a matte-black vinyl wrap over black Nirvana leather with cloth inserts, and it is powered by a twin-turbocharged 3.5-liter V6 linked with a 10-speed automatic transmission, a dual-range transfer case, a Torsen limited-slip front differential, and an electronically locking rear differential. The truck rides on 17″ forged aluminum wheels and was optioned with the Convenience, Raptor Carbon Fiber, and Power Tech Packages in addition to a twin-panel sunroof, a tonneau cover, a power-operated tailgate, Fox live-valve shocks, heated and ventilated power-adjustable front seats, heated rear seats, Apple CarPlay, Android Auto, an 18-speaker Bang & Olufsen sound system, and SYNC 4 touchscreen infotainment. Acquired by the seller in 2022, this Raptor has 39k miles is now offered with an owner’s manual and a clean Arkansas title in the seller’s name.

The Raptor features a wider track than the standard F-150 and is equipped with a model-specific bed, grille, bumpers, and running boards. This example is finished in Antimatter Blue Metallic and a matte-black vinyl wrap was applied to the vehicle under prior ownership. Features include a twin-panel sunroof, automatic LED headlights, Rigid LED fog lights, side mirror lighting, a tonneau cover, cargo bed lighting, dual exhaust outlets, front and rear recovery hooks, and a receiver hitch. The Power Tech package added a power-operated tailgate and a 2.0-kW mobile generator with power outlets in the cargo bed.

Matte Black 17″ forged-aluminum beadlock-capable wheels were mounted with 315/70 BFGoodrich All-Terrain K02 tires in 2025. The truck is equipped with Fox Racing shocks with live valve technology as well as a Terrain Management System and Trail Control.

The heated and ventilated front bucket seats and a heated 60/40 split-folding rear bench are upholstered in black Nirvana leather with cloth inserts and embossed Raptor lettering on the front backrests. Carbon-fiber trim accents the cabin and additional amenities include Apple CarPlay, Android Auto, a wifi Hotspot, a Lane-Keeping System, a Blind-Spot Information System (BLIS), cross-traffic alert, a 360-degree camera, an auxiliary switch bank housed in the overhead console, an 18-speaker Bang & Olufsen sound system, and SYNC 4 infotainment with a 12″ touchscreen and navigation. The Tow Technology Package added Pro Trailer Backup Assist, Trailer Reverse Guidance, a trailer brake controller, and Smart Trailer Tow Connector. One of the rear cup holder springs does not have tension.

The leather-wrapped heated multifunction steering wheel features an orange centering stripe and paddle shifters. The configurable digital instrument cluster consists of a 140-mph speedometer, a tachometer, and supplementary gauges. The digital odometer indicates 39k miles, approximately 35k of which were added under current ownership.

The twin-turbocharged EcoBoost 3.5-liter V6 was factory rated at 450 horsepower and 510 lb-ft of torque. The oil was changed in 2025.

Power is routed to the rear or all four wheels through a 10-speed automatic transmission, a dual-range transfer case, a Torsen limited-slip front differential, and an electronically locking rear differential.
