This 2021 Porsche Cayenne Turbo is finished in Carmine Red over a Club leather interior in Cohiba and Truffle Brown, and it was ordered with over $57k in options. The specification is highlighted by the Off-Road, Premium Plus, and Sport Chrono packages as well as a Sport exhaust, Porsche Ceramic Composite Brakes, rear-axle steering, 21″ RS Spyder Design wheels, LED-Matrix headlights, and thermally and noise-insulated glass. Inside, heated and ventilated front and rear seats are complemented by a Burmester 3D sound system, adaptive cruise control, Night Vision Assist, front-seat massage settings, and four-zone climate control. Power is provided by a twin-turbocharged 4.0-liter V8 that drives all four wheels through an eight-speed automatic transmission with PTV+. The selling dealer sourced the SUV for the current owner in April 2026, and it now has 65k miles. This 9Y0 Cayenne is now offered on dealer consignment with a window sticker, service records, and an Illinois title.

The body is finished in Carmine Red (M3C) with High-Gloss Black window trim, mirror caps, door handles, and roof rails. Exterior features include LED-Matrix headlights with the Porsche Dynamic Light System Plus (PDLS+) as well as a panoramic sunroof, a receiver hitch, soft-close doors, and thermally and noise-insulated glass.

Black-finished 21″ RS Spyder Design alloy wheels were mounted with 285/40 front and 315/35 rear Pirelli Scorpion Verde All Season tires in March 2026, according to the selling dealer. Porsche Ceramic Composite Brakes (PCCB) were a $6,480 option, and they are outfitted with High-Gloss Black calipers. The SUV also came equipped from the factory with Porsche Dynamic Chassis Control (PDCC), rear-axle steering, and adjustable air suspension.

Cohiba Brown Club leather upholsters the heated, ventilated, and massaging front seats and the heated and ventilated rear seats, while Truffle Brown and Cohiba Brown leather accent the dash and doors. The Burmester 3D High-End surround-sound system was a $5,810 option, and the Assistance and Premium Plus packages together added adaptive cruise control, Surround View cameras, four-zone automatic climate control, a head-up display, Night Vision Assist, Comfort Access, ambient lighting, and Lane Change Assist (LCA).

The Exclusive Design shifter is trimmed with aluminum and Truffle Brown leather and features a debossed Porsche crest up top. Gloss Black veneers adorn the cabin, and the sills are trimmed with illuminated Dark Silver brushed-aluminum plates.

The leather-wrapped steering wheel has a drive mode selector dial and shift paddles and frames a central Mojave Beige tachometer along with configurable auxiliary screens. A compass is mounted atop the dashboard. The digital odometer indicates 65k miles, approximately 2k of which were added under current ownership.

The twin-turbocharged 4.0-liter V8 was factory rated at 541 horsepower and 568 lb-ft of torque. A Sport exhaust system was equipped from the factory. The oil was changed, and the spark plugs were replaced in July 2026.

Power is sent to all four wheels through an eight-speed automatic transmission and Porsche Torque Vectoring Plus (PTV+) with a locking rear differential. The optional Off-Road Package added aluminum-clad rocker panels, and stainless-steel skid plates were a $1,560 option.

A digital copy of the window sticker notes initial delivery to Porsche Grapevine in Texas and lists factory equipment, colors, options, and a total price of $186,240. Recent service records are also included in the sale.


There is currently a lien on the vehicle, and the owner’s lender will need to be paid off before the title can be transferred to the next owner.
