This 2023 Chevrolet Silverado 1500 RST is a Crew Cab 4×4 pickup that was modified by SCA Performance of Trussville, Alabama, with their Black Widow package that cost over $31k. It includes a 6″ suspension lift kit, 22″ multi-spoke wheels, a dual exhaust system, power-retractable running boards, and leather seat covers. It was ordered with over $7k in options from the factory including the All Star Edition Plus, Z71 Off-Road, Protection, and Safety packages, which together provided a dual-range transfer case, a spray-in bedliner, a Bose sound system, and various driver aids. Power is provided by a 5.3-liter V8 linked with a 10-speed automatic transmission, and other details include an automatically locking rear differential, Glacier Blue Metallic paint, a tonneau cover, and heated front seats. Purchased in 2025 by the seller, this Silverado 1500 has been driven 24k miles and is now offered with a window sticker, a Black Widow build sheet, the owner’s manual, and a clean Florida title in the seller’s name.

The truck is finish in Glacier Blue Metallic with Z71 badging, and Black Widow equipment includes a Black Widow windshield banner, painted grille accents, body-color fender flares, hood vents, power-retractable running boards, LED puddle lamps, Black Widow badging, window tint, and black-finished exhaust outlets. Additional exterior details include a sunroof, a power sliding rear window, a ChevyTec spray-in bedliner, a tonneau cover, a receiver hitch, perimeter lighting, rear Park Assist parking sensors, and a CornerStep rear bumper.

The truck rides on a 6″ suspension lift kit in Black Widow specification, which also added 22″ multi-spoke wheels with black accents and Black Widow center caps. The wheels are mounted with 35×12.50″ Toyo Open Country R/T tires. Braking is handled by calipers with red-finished Black Widow-branded covers over ventilated discs at each corner. The Z71 Off-Road Package added Hill Descent Control and skid plates.

The heated front bucket seats are split by a center console, and they have leather covers with Black Widow backrest logos and contrast stitching included with the Black Widow package, which also added red LED interior lighting. The All Star Edition Plus package added a Bose sound system and a trailer brake controller, and further amenities include a power-adjustable driver’s seat, wireless charging, remote start, dual-zone automatic climate control, and Chevrolet Infotainment 3 with a 13.4″ touchscreen, navigation, and Apple CarPlay and Android Auto connectivity.

The heated leather-wrapped steering wheel frames a configurable 12.3″ driver information center. The Safety Package added HD Surround Vision, Trailer Side Blind Zone Alert, Rear Cross Traffic Braking, and Rear Pedestrian Alert. Other driver aids include Automatic Emergency Braking, Forward Collision Alert, Front Pedestrian Braking, and Lane Keep Assist with Lane Departure Warning. The digital odometer indicates 24k miles, approximately 12k of which were added under current ownership.

The 5.3-liter EcoTec3 V8 was factory rated at 355 horsepower with 383 lb-ft of torque. An oil change was carried out in May 2026.

Power is routed to the rear or all four wheels through a 10-speed automatic transmission, an Autotrac dual-range transfer case, and an automatically locking rear differential with 3.23:1 gears. The Black Widow package added a dual exhaust system.

The window sticker lists initial delivery to SCA Performance of Trussville, Alabama, as well as factory colors, equipment, and a total vehicle price of $64,315. A Black Widow build sheet is included in the sale, and it notes Black Widow equipment along with a total of $95,713.
