This 2023 Cadillac Escalade-V is finished in Raven Black wrapped in a matte black paint protection film over Jet Black leather, and is powered by a supercharged 6.2-liter V8 linked to a 10-speed automatic transmission. Features include a panoramic sunroof, a surround-view camera system, mesh front grilles, revised front and rear fascias, Brembo front brake calipers, an Air Ride Adaptive Suspension with Magnetic Ride Control, and 18-spoke 22″ alloy wheels in addition to multi-zone automatic climate control, adaptive cruise control, a Super Cruise semi-autonomous driving system, rear-seat entertainment screens, a rearview camera mirror, OLED infotainment and instrument cluster screens, wireless Android Auto and Apple CarPlay connectivity, a 36-speaker AKG Studio Reference audio system, and a console refrigerator-freezer. The truck was acquired by the current owner in July 2023 and it has 25k miles. This Escalade-V is now offered by the seller on behalf of the owner with a South Carolina title.

The car is finished in Raven Black and wrapped in a matte black paint protection film. The Escalade V features mesh front grilles, “V” badges, and quadruple exhaust outlets as well as revised front and rear fascias as compared to the standard Escalade. Additional exterior details include the Onyx Package, a surround-view camera system, a panoramic sunroof, a night vision camera, a roof spoiler, roof rails, Cadillac badges, and power-deployable running boards.

The Satin Graphite 22″ forged multi-spoke alloy wheels are wrapped in Firestone Destination A/T 2 tires that were installed in May 2025. The truck rides on an Air Ride Adaptive Suspension with Magnetic Ride Control. Stopping power is provided by four-wheel disc brakes that employ red-finished six-piston V calipers up front.

The heated, ventilated, and power-adjustable front seats are upholstered in Jet Black semi-aniline leather with patterned inserts, and matching upholstery extends to the heated rear captain’s chairs and the power-folding third-row seats. Appointments include multi-zone automatic climate control, adaptive cruise control, a rear-seat entertainment system, a head-up display, a rearview camera mirror, a 16.9″ OLED touchscreen infotainment system with wireless Android Auto and Apple CarPlay connectivity, and a 36-speaker AKG Studio Reference audio system as well as console refrigerator-freezer.

The heated multifunction steering wheel fronts a configurable 14.2″ OLED instrument cluster. Driving aids include adaptive cruise control, automatic braking, parking assistance, forward collision alert, and Trailer Side Blind-Zone Alert. The digital odometer indicates 25k miles, approximately 20k of which were added under current ownership.

The supercharged and intercooled 6.2-liter V8 was factory rated at 682 horsepower and 653 lb-ft of torque, and a plaque bearing the signature of the engine builder is affixed to the engine cover. The fuel system was cleaned and an oil change was performed in May 2025.

Power is delivered to all-four wheels via a ten-speed automatic transmission.


There is currently a lien out on the vehicle, and the seller’s lender will need to be paid off before the title can be transferred to the next owner.
