This 2024 Ram 1500 TRX Crew Cab 4×4 has 6k miles and is one of a planned 4,000 Final Edition examples to commemorate the end of production of the 1500 TRX. Powered by a supercharged 6.2-liter Hemi V8 linked with an eight-speed automatic transmission, a full-time two-speed transfer case, and an electronically locking rear differential, the truck is finished in Billet Silver Metallic and Diamond Black Crystal Pearl over black leather and microsuede with gray accents. It was optioned with the TRX Level 1 and 2 Equipment Packages and is further equipped with an S&B Filters cold air intake, Bilstein adaptive dampers, Eibach springs, 20″ Vossen HF6-4 wheels, AMP Research PowerSteps, a dual-panel sunroof, a power-retractable tonneau cover, and a BedRug liner. The interior features heated and ventilated front and rear seats, power-adjustable pedals, dual-zone automatic climate control, adaptive cruise control, lane keep assist, a Harman Kardon sound system, and a 12″ UConnect infotainment system. Purchased new by the seller, this TRX is offered with and a clean Georgia title in the seller’s name.

The TRX is 8″ wider than a standard Ram 1500, and this example is finished in Billet Silver Metallic with Diamond Black Crystal Pearl lower bodywork and TRX graphics. Details include a dual-panel sunroof, a TRX-specific grille and hood, functional hood scoops, LED headlights and taillights, fog lights, AMP Research PowerSteps, a power-retractable tonneau cover, a spray-in bed liner, a BedRug liner, a deployable bed step, a receiver hitch, front and rear tow hooks, and dual exhaust outlets. The seller notes that ceramic coating has been applied to the body.

Gloss black 20″ Vossen HF6-4 wheels are mounted with 37×12.50″ Nitto Trail Grabler tires. The truck rides on dual-valve Bilstein BlackHawk e2 adaptive dampers with remote reservoirs. Eibach springs have been installed in 2024, and the front fender liners were trimmed at that time. Stopping power is provided by 14.9″ front and 14.8″ rear vented anti-lock disc brakes.

The heated and ventilated front and rear seats are upholstered in black leather and microsuede with gray accents and Patina stitching, while carbon-fiber trim accents the cabin. Amenities include remote start, driver’s seat position memory settings, power-adjustable pedals, dual-zone automatic climate control, adaptive cruise control, lane keep assist, a head-up display, a wireless charging pad, a Harman Kardon 19-speaker sound system, and a 12″ touchscreen UConnect infotainment system with navigation, Apple CarPlay, and Android Auto.

The heated leather-and-suede-wrapped performance steering wheel fronts a configurable LCD screen, and controls for launch control, differential engagement, and various driving modes are located to the lower right of the steering column. The digital odometer indicates 6k miles.

A brushed-aluminum Final Edition badge is affixed to the center console armrest and lists the truck’s build number as well as horsepower and torque specifications.

The supercharged 6.2-liter Hemi V8 was rated at 702 horsepower and 650 lb-ft of torque when new and has been fitted with an S&B Filters cold air intake. The oil was changed in January 2025.

Power is sent to all four wheels through an 8HP95 eight-speed automatic transmission, a full-time two-speed transfer case, and an electronic-locking rear differential with 3.55:1 gearing.
