This 2024 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 3LZ convertible is finished in Red Mist Metallic Tintcoat over a black and Adrenaline Red interior and is powered by a 5.5-liter LT6 V8 paired with an eight-speed dual-clutch automatic transaxle. Features include the 3LZ Equipment Group, a power-retractable Carbon Flash hardtop, 20″ and 21″ forged aluminum wheels, a front-axle lift system, a low-profile spoiler, heated and ventilated GT2 seats, and a Performance Data and Video Recorder. Acquired by the selling dealer in 2024, this C8 Z06 has 367 miles and is now offered with a window sticker and a clean Georgia title.

The car is finished in Red Mist Metallic Tintcoat with Carbon Flash exterior accents, chrome badging, and a power-retractable hardtop also finished in Carbon Flash. Additional exterior details comprise front and rear cameras as well as a low-profile spoiler, LED headlights, side air intakes, a front splitter, and rear parking sensors.

The 20″ and 21″ forged aluminum wheels have Carbon Flash center caps and are mounted with 275/30 front and 345/25 rear Michelin Pilot Sport 4S tires. The car is equipped with a front-axle lift system with memory settings as well as Magnetic Selective Ride Control. Stopping power is provided by Brembo disc brakes with Edge Red-finished multi-piston calipers.

The heated and ventilated power-adjustable GT2 bucket seats are trimmed in black sueded microfiber and Adrenaline Red Mulan leather. Further appointments include leather upper interior trim, keyless entry, dual-zone automatic climate control, a 14-speaker Bose sound system, a Performance Data and Video Recorder, and an 8″ touchscreen with Chevrolet Infotainment 3 and navigation.

The heated carbon-fiber- and sueded microfiber-trimmed steering wheel is fitted with carbon-fiber shift paddles and is mounted ahead of a configurable 12″ digital display. A head-up display is equipped as standard as are driver aids consisting of lane-keep assist, rear cross-traffic alert, side blind-zone alert, and forward collision alert. The digital odometer indicates 367 miles.

The mid-mounted 5.5-liter LT6 V8 is equipped with a flat-plane crankshaft and was factory rated at 670 horsepower and 460 lb-ft of torque. The car came equipped from the factory with a performance exhaust system with driver-selectable modes, and additional equipment includes the Engine Appearance Package as well as a red-finished intake.

Power is sent to the rear wheels through an eight-speed dual-clutch automatic transaxle.

The window sticker notes initial delivery to Cronic Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Inc. in Griffin, Georgia, and lists factory equipment, colors, options, and a total vehicle price of $145,610.

The Carfax report notes at least one recall and manufacturer customer satisfaction program.
