This 2024 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray 3LT coupe was purchased new by the seller and modifications include an XPEL Stealth matte vinyl wrap over the black paint as well as an Eventuri air intake, a Borla ATAK exhaust system, and a carbon fiber engine cover, bumper fins, mirror caps, A-pillar trim pieces, and body side air duct trim. Power is provided by a 6.2-liter LT2 V8 paired with an eight-speed dual-clutch automatic transaxle. The car is optioned with the front lift system, the Z51 Performance Package, the 3LT Equipment Group, Magnetic Selective Ride Control, Torch Red seatbelts, and Midnight Gray 19″ and 20″ 20-spoke forged aluminum wheels. This Stingray has 8k miles and is now offered with a window sticker, a car cover, a battery tender, the owner’s manuals, and a clean California title in the seller’s name.

The car is finished in black with an XPEL Stealth matte vinyl wrap and added carbon fiber components include bumper fins, mirror caps, A-pillar trim pieces, and body side air duct trim. Features include a removable roof panel, a rear spoiler, LED headlights, a backup camera, side air intakes, a front splitter, XPEL window tint film, and rear parking sensors.

Midnight Gray 19″ and 20″ 20-spoke forged aluminum wheels are mounted with Michelin Pilot Sport 4S tires. The car is equipped with a front suspension lift system as well as Magnetic Selective Ride Control. The Z51 Performance Package added a revised performance suspension. Stopping power is provided by Z51-branded Brembo brake calipers over ventilated rotors at each corner.

The cabin features seating surfaces trimmed in Jet Black leather with Adrenaline Red stitching, and appointments include power-adjustable GT2 bucket seats, keyless entry, dual-zone automatic climate control, cruise control, a Bose sound system, all-weather floormats, and an 8″ touchscreen with Chevrolet Infotainment 3.

The leather-trimmed steering wheel is mounted ahead of a configurable 12″ digital display that includes a central tachometer and auxiliary readouts. The digital odometer indicates 8k miles, all of which were added under current ownership.

The mid-mounted 6.2-liter LT2 V8 was factory rated at 495 horsepower and 470 lb-ft of torque and features a dry-sump oiling system, an Eventuri air intake and carbon fiber engine cover, and Paragon oil and washer fluid caps.

Power is sent to the rear wheels through an eight-speed dual-clutch automatic transaxle. The car has been fitted with a Borla Performance ATAK exhaust system.

The window sticker lists standard equipment and options and a total vehicle price of $95,760.
