This 2025 Toyota Land Cruiser was purchased new by the current owner through San Francisco Toyota in California and now has 12k miles. Finished in Underground over black SofTex, the truck is powered by a turbocharged 2.4-liter inline-four and an electric motor that drive all four wheels through an eight-speed automatic transmission, a dual-range transfer case, and electronically locking center and rear differentials. Equipment includes antilock disc brakes, 18″ alloy wheels, LED lighting, running boards, a receiver hitch, heated and ventilated front seats, three-zone automatic climate control, Toyota Safety Sense 3.0, and a touchscreen infotainment system. This J250 Land Cruiser is offered by the seller on behalf of the current owner with a window sticker, an owner’s manual, and a clean California title in the owner’s name.

After a brief hiatus following the discontinuation of the 200-Series Land Cruiser in 2021, the nameplate returned to the US market for the 2024 model year with the reveal of the 250-Series Land Cruiser in late 2023. This truck is finished in Underground (1L7) and features fog lights, rectangular LED headlights, running boards, roof rails, a rear spoiler, a rear window wiper, parking sensors, and a receiver hitch.

Black-finished 18″ TRD alloy wheels are mounted with Toyo Open Country A/T III tires. The truck is equipped with an electronically controlled front stabilizer bar disconnect mechanism along with Crawl Control and Downhill Assist Control. Braking is provided by four-wheel discs with ABS.

The heated and ventilated front seats and a split-folding rear bench are upholstered in black SofTex. Appointments include a power-adjustable driver seat, three-zone automatic climate control, and a 12.3″ Toyota Audio Multimedia touchscreen infotainment system linked to a 10-speaker sound system.

The heated and leather-wrapped multifunction steering wheel frames a 12.3″ configurable digital gauge cluster. The suite of electronic driver aids includes blind spot monitoring along with Toyota Safety Sense 3.0, which adds dynamic radar cruise control, lane tracing assist, road sign assist, and a pre-collision system with pedestrian detection. The digital odometer indicates 12k miles.

The i-Force Max turbocharged 2.4-liter inline-four works in conjunction with an electric motor to produce a factory-rated output of 326 horsepower and 465 lb-ft of torque. The most recent oil change was performed in March 2025.

Power is sent to all four wheels through an eight-speed ECT-i automatic transmission and a full-time four-wheel-drive system that incorporates a dual-range transfer case as well as electronically controlled locking center and rear differentials.

The window sticker lists initial delivery to San Francisco Toyota in California, along with factory colors, standard and optional equipment, and a total suggested retail price of $65,480.
